[Music]
conjoined twins whose birth probability
is only one in two hundred thousand
always appear on the front page of the
newspaper they are physically connected
some even share organs today i will
recommend a piece of siamese twins
unpopular film inseparable walk into the
life of a pair of 18 year old siamese
girls
xiaomei and daimy have been inseparable
since birth because their crotches have
been together for 18 years
the one on the left is xiaomi who is
gentle and sensible and obedient
the one on the right is daimy's
character a bit rebellious and
hot-tempered
the sisters came out beautifully
relationship is also very good
there is not much difficulty in life the
real difficulty comes from their family
father is addicted to gambling mothers
smoke and drink alcohol even during
pregnancy
but sister flower because of siamese
became a local celebrity
if someone has a happy event i'll ask
sisters to spend it
so i helped my father make a lot of
money they became the source of family
income
just like many siamese babies in
ignorant and backward areas
will be worshipped as a god the sister's
special body shape
also regarded as spiritual support by
local believers this day when the sister
spent the birthday of the daughter of
the local rich
a well-known broker marco and daimy fell
in love at first sight
marco appreciates their willingness to
praise them but the sisters did not
immediately agree
before leaving marco also left contact
information for the sisters
the handsome and handsome mackay makes
daimy feel a little moved
she yearns for a free life away from her
sister but xiaomi knew that her father
would never agree
parents will only hurt them in the name
of love my shortcomings are used by my
family to make money
two relatives are like vampires only
treat them as their own personal cash
cows
don't say dominate your own life the
sisters live like a puppet
just at home when people divide money at
home demae is holding the agent's
business card
keep remembering his phone number the
girl who is in love
i'm afraid that dad will confiscate the
business card when he finds it
sister walk came to the church for a
performance this day met a doctor from
switzerland
lao bye laubai said he could do a check
for the two sisters
can separate the sisters and be free and
then question mom and dad angrily
don't you feel ashamed the sisters don't
share organs
you can undergo surgical separation at
birth sister daimy was very happy to
hear
although the sisters love each other
deeply but also have their own needs
as a young girl who doesn't want to have
his own life
the doctor left a business card to
express his willingness to help the
sisters free of charge
the father directly confiscated the
business card to prevent the two from
contacting the doctor
while rushing to the next event daimy
opened her mouth in the car to ask her
father for the business card left by the
doctor
it irritated dad dad questioned damie
loudly after getting off the car
look at the normal people around you
many people are starving
but you have no worries because of one
piece clothing and food don't be in the
blessing and not knowing the blessing
in order to force my father to hand over
his business card deliberately not
singing during the show
finally my father compromised sister
daimy did her wish
the doctor told them that the sisters
could be separated due to the limited
local technical equipment
must go to geneva for surgery the doctor
helped the sisters reduce or exempt the
operation
fee but they need 20 000 euros to pay
for the travel to switzerland
but my father strongly opposed i don't
want to spend 20 000 euros at all
because he not only gambled and lost all
his money the more important point is
relying on conjoined twins gimmicks to
make money far more important than the
happiness of my daughter
siamese is not a pain is a godsend tool
for making money
the daughter is not flesh and blood it
is a commodity that supports him to
continue to spend his days lazily
in order to live independently like
normal people they escaped from their
parents for the first time
stole the motorcycle at home embarked on
a journey away from home
they want to find a kind priest in the
church to help
but learn that the two are leaving the
believers think they are betraying the
church
the priest is just using the sisters as
a tool to control the followers
after all the priest just treated them
as mascots to earn one's own benefit
desperate damie thought of marco the
marco who once wanted to be their agent
they found marco's private yacht by boat
marco expressed his willingness to lend
them money for surgery
but obviously they also need to pay
marcos yacht is no different from a
water jay yard
in the hall are men and women dancing
with demons and in the box they are
doing shameful deeds
took mako's money undoubtedly the
equivalent of signing a deed
but the beauty who was dazzled by love
but he didn't care about making out with
mackay
as everyone knows mackay who is a beast
in clothing does not care about her
it turns out that the agent is a
complete fetishist daimy is addicted to
her fantasy and can't extricate herself
xiaomi took advantage of the agent's
outing to fetch wine
slap and slapped deimy in panic the two
jumped into the sea with money
just like that the two sisters floated
in the sea all night
unexpectedly the waves pushed the
unconscious two back to the shore
pushed back into their father's hands
after struggling for so long
destiny returns to the starting point
again the sisters completely gave up
resistance this time
they were arranged by their father
return to the embrace of the church
participate in prayer activities of the
saints ironically
the skin that connects two people
together let them endure all kinds of
unbearable skin
but was regarded by the saints as a
symbol of good luck and caressed
wantonly
the palms of the sisters were still
scratched by their father i want to stop
being poor by touching the blood on
their hands
the siamese twin sister sang the song
that encourages the children of the
world
all children are born equal the irony is
that they themselves are innocent
children
but can't get free love and equality but
the fire of freedom did not go out in
the hearts of the two sisters
after seeing the ugliness of everyone
around damie chose the most extreme
way death come to find the last freedom
the end of the film xiaomi wakes up from
the hospital but demae is not by her
side
fortunately daimy is not dead she found
a sister who had been with each other
for 18 years in another ward
the two embraced again this is the first
time they hugged together as independent
people
in fact the connotation of the movie
inseparable when i was younger it was a
fierce resistance from a pair of girls
it's still a longing and yearning for
freedom born to be independent and free
as an independent individual
everyone has the right to decide what
path they want to take in the future
after all the command and decision power
in life still in my own hands